[agent+integrations] jmxterm no longer shipped with agent 5.32.8+ (#8754)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/faq/troubleshooting-jmx-integrations.md

To verify you have access to JMX, test using JConsole or equivalent if possible. If you're unable to connect using JConsole [this article][1] may help to get you sorted. Also, if the metrics listed in your YAML aren't 1:1 with those listed in JConsole you'll need to correct this.

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> For all versions of <strong>Agent v5.32.8 or greater</strong>, the <code>jmxterm</code> JAR is not shipped with the agent. To download and use <code>jmxterm</code>, see the <a href="https://github.com/jiaqi/jmxterm">upstream project</a>. You may substitute <code>/opt/datadog-agent/agent/checks/libs/jmxterm-1.0-DATADOG-uber.jar</code> in the examples below to the jmxterm JAR path you downloaded from the upstream project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all versions of <strong>Agent v5.32.8 or greater</strong>, the <code>jmxterm</code> JAR is not shipped with the agent. To download and use <code>jmxterm</code>, see the <a href="https://github.com/jiaqi/jmxterm">upstream project</a>. Change <code>/opt/datadog-agent/agent/checks/libs/jmxterm-1.0-DATADOG-uber.jar</code> in the examples below to the `jmxterm` JAR path you downloaded from the upstream project.
```
